{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10080\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Lr_vs_Lcross_w_Pearsons v1.0\

\f1\b0\fs20 \ulnone  
\fs24 \

\fs20 This is used to calculate the L(r) vs Lcross(r) (according to Rossy et al., (2014) Histochem Cell Biol 141, 605-612) from "marked" single molecule localisation data, e.g., here each point is
\fs24  
\fs20 associated with a value for membrane polarity. This code was implemented in 
\fs24  
\fs20 "Quantitative mapping of nanoenvironments through single-molecule imaging
\fs24  
\fs20 of solvatochromic probes", Nieves et al., (2020), bioarxiv, doi:
\fs24 \

\fs20  
\fs24 \

\fs20 The L(r) vs Lcross(r) is calculated for the GP segregated channels, and
\fs24  
\fs20 also for points randomly assigned into the channels as a control. Finally
\fs24 , 
\fs20 the Pearson's correlation coefficient for the L(r) vs Lcross(r) data is
\fs24  
\fs20 calculated for each channel.
\fs24 \

\fs20  
\fs24 \

\fs20 Author: Daniel J. Nieves, University of Birmingham
\fs24 \

\fs20 email: d.j.nieves@bham.ac.uk
\fs24 \

\fs20  
\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs20 Data to provide
\f1\b0 : 
\fs24 \

\fs20 - a matrix of the form (x,y, GP value), called "GP_data".\
\

\f0\b Inputs and Outputs:\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Inputs
\f1\b0 :\
\
- 
\f0\b r
\f1\b0  :	         Radius of capture for Lr and Lcross (nm)\
\
- 
\f0\b GP_co
\f1\b0 :       GP value to use split the data. A vector using a series of cut-off values may also be used.
\f2\fs24 \cf0 \

\f1\fs20 \cf2 \
- 
\f0\b pos
\f1\b0 :            Coordinates of the ROI from which to take [x,y,GP]
\fs24  
\fs20 data.
\f2\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf2  
\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs20 Outputs
\f1\b0 :
\fs24 \

\fs20  
\fs24 \

\fs20 - 
\f0\b Lr_plus
\f1\b0  :       		list of L(r) values for each point in the above GP cut-off
\fs24 \

\fs20                   		data.
\fs24 \

\fs20 - 
\f0\b Lr_minus
\f1\b0  :      		list of L(r) values for each point in the above GP cut-off
\fs24 \

\fs20                   		data.
\fs24 \

\fs20 - 
\f0\b Lr_rand_plus
\f1\b0  :  	list of L(r) values for each point assigned
\fs24 \

\fs20                   		randomly in the above GP cut-off data.
\fs24 \

\fs20 - 
\f0\b Lr_rand_minus
\f1\b0  : 	list of L(r) values for each point assigned
\fs24 \

\fs20                   		randomly in the below GP cut-off data.
\fs24 \

\fs20  
\fs24 \

\fs20 - 
\f0\b Lc_plus
\f1\b0  :      		list of Lcross(r) values for each point in the above GP cut-off
\fs24 \

\fs20                   		data.
\fs24 \

\fs20 - 
\f0\b Lc_minus
\f1\b0  :      		list of Lcross(r) values for each point in the below GP cut-off
\fs24 \

\fs20                   		data.
\fs24 \

\fs20 - 
\f0\b Lc_rand_plus
\f1\b0  :  	list of Lcross(r) values for each point assigned
\fs24 \

\fs20                   		randomly in the above GP cut-off data.
\fs24 \

\fs20 - 
\f0\b Lc_rand_minus
\f1\b0  : 	list of Lcross(r) values for each point assigned
\fs24 \

\fs20                   		randomly in the below GP cut-off data.
\fs24 \

\fs20  
\fs24 \

\fs20 - 
\f0\b pLrLc_plus
\f1\b0  :            	Pearson's coefficent of L(r) vs Lcross(r) for above GP cut-off data
\fs24 \

\fs20 - 
\f0\b pLrLc_minus
\f1\b0  :           	Pearson's coefficent of L(r) vs Lcross(r) for below GP cut-off data
\fs24 \

\fs20 - 
\f0\b pLrLc_rand_plus
\f1\b0  :      Pearson's coefficent of L(r) vs Lcross(r) for randomly assigned above GP cut-off data
\fs24 \

\fs20 - 
\f0\b pLrLc_rand_minus
\f1\b0  :   Pearson's coefficent of L(r) vs Lcross(r) for randomly assigned below GP cut-off data
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf2  
\fs24 \
\
}